feat(formats/javascriptEsm): add `flat` option (#1474)
amzn/style-dictionary: docs/src/content/docs/reference/Hooks/Formats/predefined.md

| ------------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `options`                 | `Object`            |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `options.minify`          | `boolean`           | Whether or not to minify the output. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
> | `options.flat`            | `boolean`           | Whether or not to flatten the output. Defaults to `false`. _(Cannot be combined with ‘minify' option)._                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `options.minify`          | `boolean`           | Whether or not to minify the output. Defaults to `false`. Has no effect when `options.flat` is `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `options.flat`            | `boolean`           | Whether or not to flatten the output. Defaults to `false`. If `true`, renders only the token value, which means it is minified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

This is a bit clearer, you can combine them but it just won't have an affect if flat is true. Saying you cannot combine them implies there would be some kind of error/issue if you did.

Author: Fixed.
